hey guys this is uh the cave any and
this is a entry for KD I Hulk's contest
versus archenemy works vs and you know I
think that these two teams Dark Avengers
and New Avengers plus some old Avengers
they're prettier Jeremy's you know I
think that they are pretty big enemies
and so here's what I have right here i
have a bacon and wolverine they're
fighting and Captain America shooting
Hawkeye /bold I and bulls are shooting
captain america then I have Ares right
there it's my customers these are
customs not all of them but yeah and
Ronan and here is Luke Cage and hope
they're fighting each other and then up
here I have for hiding miss marvel and
Captain Marvel and yeah but I think Phil
can handle them possibly I don't know
tell me what you think if they could
good one and possibly help me help him
so then here is a winner and spider-man
there he's double swimming in for a
punch and then finally iron patriot and
extremists iron man now he's not in the
Avengers right now but i think that the
avengers need an iron man and i think so
that's why i put extreme sentiment i
just got some sire man so i was really
happy about this one and yeah this is
that's my
entry took me a couple two hours i think
in for takes to take this video um but
it was worth it I you know I just really
want the fuckee thing because the Bucky
Captain America because i have not been
able to find it at my walmart so yeah
I've hope I could maybe win but I don't
know because your guys you I've seen you
guys in you all of you guys have really
good one so this is my first one so I
think it's pretty good for a first
though so uh yeah thank you for watching